# 02/03/2022 11:30-12:00

Feedback on dissertation draft

## Introduction
Current motivations are broad, and not specific to the problem. Format the introduction and motivations into problem, solution, and what follows.

### Problem
The high level problem is that RFC documents are designed to be read by humans, and therefore they are not machine readable. The QUIC RFC changed the diagram layout to something new with clearer constraints available. Is the new representation easy to parse?

### Solution
Write a generic parser for the QUIC specific packet description language to determine if the protocol can be described by these diagrams. If not, discover what changes need to be made in order to represent it.

### Following on
Use current motivations regarding vulnerability reduction and pipelines.

## Background
Background is skipping too far ahead, start from the beginning

### IETF and RFC
Discuss the background of the IETF and the purpose of RFC documents/protocol specs. The social aspects of why we still use ASCII diagrams to represent packets.

### New QUIC diagrams
QUIC originally used ASCII diagrams, but encountered problems when trying to add more constraints to the diagram - ended up messy. So they created their own packet description language which shows constraints, however the update was made purely for human readability, not machine readability, and there are still problems representing everything.

### Network Protocol Tool

#### Internal Representation
Talk about the purpose of the internal representation and how it represents the constraints and other hard links.

### Interface Design Languages
Overview of IDLs and how they are used to test protocol implementations

## Requirements
Use MoSCoW, maybe not entirely useful to split into functional/non-functional requirements. Shows priorities and checklist for future work.

## Chapter 4 - Problems parsing QUIC
Lay out what is and isn't possible to parse. Talk about the problems with ordering data and making links between data using the internal representation, hard because there are so many internal constraints applied that aren't necessary at that stage.

### Inconsistent table layouts
### PDLs not explicitly defined consistently

## Chapter 5 - Parsing QUIC
Introduce the implementation and technical details. Novel idea of parsed representation and how it is used to make links between data and re-order data.

### Parsed Representation
### Changes to the QUIC spec

## Chapter 6 - Evaluation
Pull changes together and show how everything works, discuss the changes and compare with NPT ASCII diagram to see if the QUIC PDL is better or worse. Is the QUIC PDL a step in the right direction to a mix between human readable and machine readable RFC specs? Describe future work with the parser and also the QUIC spec.