# 09/03/2022 11:30-12:00

# Introduction
- "All standard protocols on the Internet are defined using Request For Comments (RFC) documents which allow researchers around the world to provide input and aid in the refinement of protocols.” — this isn’t accurate, depending on your definition of the Internet. The IETF is only one standards-developing organisation that sets standards for the Internet: there are others (like the W3C, for example) with very different processes and outputs.
- You say that RFCS are "just a guideline on how to implement the protocol”. I see the point you’re making here, but there’s a bit of nuance missing about why adhering to the standard is important. 
- Some of the terminology in the “Motivation” section is unclear: “high-level design of the language”, “the diagram”. You don’t mention which part of the protocol specification you’re concerned with, so it isn’t clear what type of diagram you’re talking about here.
- In general, the “Motivation” seems fairly narrow: you discuss the benefits of machine-readability later in the chapter, but I think some of that should come earlier.
- For “Aims”, again, be clear about the component of the protocol that you care about (i.e., the syntax).

# Background
- The first section might be better titled as “Internet protocol standardisation”, but a greater focus on the process, and how/why it leads to RFCs being developed in the way that they are.
- The later sections feel a little out-of-order. I’d suggest:
- Internet protocol standardisation
- ASCII diagrams/syntax
- Network Packet Representation
- QUIC PDL

# “Problems parsing QUIC”
- Not everything you describe in this chapter will necessarily be a problem: “Parsing QUIC’s packet description language”?

# Chapter 5
- What’s the difference between this chapter and the previous one? Does Chapter 4 identify problems/challenges, and Chapter 5 describes your solution (i.e., the parsed representation)?